chore(modules): add a new module for golden signal alerts based on newrelic_nrql_alert_condition (#2715)
newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic: examples/modules/new-golden-signal-alerts/README.md

* `response_time_condition_id`: The ID of the created response time alert condition
* `throughput_condition_id`: The ID of the created throughput alert condition

### Example usage
```terraform

data "newrelic_notification_destination" "webhook_destination" {
  name = "Golden Signal Webhook Testing"
}

# Resource
resource "newrelic_notification_channel" "webhook_notification_channel" {
  name           = "webhook-example"
  type           = "WEBHOOK"
  destination_id = data.newrelic_notification_destination.webhook_destination.id
  product        = "IINT"

  property {
    key   = "payload"
    value = "{\n\t\"name\": \"foo\"\n}"
    label = "Payload Template"
  }
}

data "newrelic_notification_destination" "email_destination" {
  name = "golden signals testing mail"
}

resource "newrelic_notification_channel" "email_notification_channel" {
  name = "email-example"
  type = "EMAIL"
  destination_id = data.newrelic_notification_destination.email_destination.id
  product = "IINT"

  property {
    key = "subject"
    value = "New Subject Title"
  }

  property {
    key = "customDetailsEmail"
    value = "issue id - {{issueId}}"
  }
}

module "webportal_alerts" {

>   source = "../examples/modules/new-golden-signal-alerts" // Need to change path according to your tf config file folder level,
>   // here given example source path is from assuming that your td config code in testing folder
>   notification_channel_ids = [newrelic_notification_channel.webhook_notification_channel.id, newrelic_notification_channel.email_notification_channel.id]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Please specify the path of the source of this module according to the location you've placed the module in.
  // The path specified below assumes you're using this module from a clone of this repo, in the `newrelic.tf` file in the `testing` folder.
 // However, if you'd like to use a remote version of this module (without a cloned version of this), the right value of the argument source would be "github.com/newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic//examples/modules/golden-signal-alerts-new".
 
  source = "../examples/modules/new-golden-signal-alerts" 
  notification_channel_ids = [newrelic_notification_channel.webhook_notification_channel.id, newrelic_notification_channel.email_notification_channel.id]
```

Reviewer: btw, good work on explaining this 😄 much needed information for customers.
